What is a guy Zen Welcome back.
So one thing that you may have noticed and that is that you can see that the Krien padlock is actually
not appearing.
I'm sorry I didn't notice that.
OK.
The green padlock is still on here.
If I just open up this image but this is coming right here not in here.
So there is a problem that is not loading that this page is fully not secure.
OK.
Let me just go ahead let me copy this let me open this up in a new tab or an incognito window and let's
see if this padlock is coming or not.
So this padlock is coming and then that padlock is gone.
Let's see what is the problem.
I'm going to be coming here and going to be clicking inspect.
OK so you have to just click inspect and you can see this is coming.
So we have to click console and you can see the is the page at I NZL dot com was loaded or DBMSs Patrick
rested and in secure image.
OK so this page crested and in secure image which is causing this issue.
OK.
What I'm going to do.
I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to hit inspect element and let's see if this image is actually
being loaded.
So this image is loading what the background image you can see this image is loading this one.
OK well that is the HDTV we have to change this so that it loads the full one.
OK.
So how are you going to do that.
Well let's just come here and let's just click edited elementary.
OK.
So I'm clicking out of the Telemann Tor and now here you will see that the image would be totally there.
I have to just remove the image from there.
And then I have to add it back with my elementary so that the each one is added not the normal one I'm
going to click here and I'm going to go to the style and this is the image.
OK.
So I have to come here and I have to just add this image again.
The HTP s right now.
I'm going to click insert media this image just right here again.
I'm going to go down go down and still this image is also with the HTP.
OK.
I hope that you guys are following what I'm saying.
OK you can see if I just come here and you can see this image was actually added with the HDD be OK.
But now since we have added the HD B-S we have to change all the images so that it loads perfectly OK.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to click this guy right here again.
I'm going to go do style.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit delete.
Come here again.
I'm going to hit this.
And now you can see this is HGT.
That is coming.
I mean I hate insert media.
That's all I have to come here.
I have to just set a date and my page is going to be updated.
So now let's come here and let's just hit it unsealed.
I hope this loads perfectly.
Let's see.
So this is till now green and this is totally green.
Now you can see this is green.
That is totally up and running.
So you just have to go to the elementary page.
OK.
And then you have to re add the image because the image is actually loading from the HDD B instead of
the HDD DBMS which was causing the issue.
And I can see this Krien padlock is totally coming and everything is totally right here and running
perfectly.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And next video will just work more.
Goodbye.